---
layout:     post
title:     First One
subtitle:   ""
date:       2019-9-9 24:00:00
author:     "affe"
header-style : text
header-img: "img/post-bg-2015.jpg"
tags:
    - talk
---

##  To Those Who Concerns

Today I'm trying to talk about China, Hongkong and America.

I'm a Chinese student, now live in North America. 

Before you read, I would appreciate very much if you can ask yourself a question : Is there any possiblity, even the slightest possibility, that the universal value I believed cannot be applied directly to every country in the world NOW.

I talk about this because I'm a NBA fan. And recently I know the Chinese people and American people have very opposite thoughts about Hongkong. So I'm trying to help American people who really wants to know what is happening on both sides. It's gonna be a long story and let me put some facts that I think we should agree on to have a conclusion that really help Hongkong, instead of leaving a "I support Hongkong for freedom" on twitter and go to watch Game of Thrones. Trust me, that doesn't help Hongkong people.

I will list some problems, and give "what most western people might think according what I know about them" and  "what  Chinese people around me might think according what I know about them"and "what I think". For the first  part I will definitely be wrong on some problems cause 80% percent I know about western people is by reading and watching stuffs. Also I cannot stand for what Chinese people think. But I will try to be rational and objective.

### We need to agree on : Media on both sides are biased.
Me:Western: They are ,but Chinese Media are much more biased.

I agree Chinese Media are generally biased than western medias. I believe every country has media control, just in different ways and emphasize on different aspect, and with different purpose. So when we talk about Hongkong, I assume you have seen enough negative reports about Hongkong police and Chinese government. But I want to tell you, this time, I think western media are more biased. Due to GFW and other reasons, you don't easily see opinions from mainland, and even if you see, your first reaction might be "this poor person is brain-washed by Chinese government, there is no point arguing with this person".  Here comes second thing we should agree on.

### Don't easily say people with different , even what you think is ridiculous opinions is brain-washed when we REALLY want's to understand each other.

You can do this after discussion, that's pretty fine.  




